v0.36.0 Blog Post (#837)
cake-build/website: input/blog/2020-01-11-cake-v0.36.0-released.md

﻿---
title: Cake v0.36.0 released
category: Release Notes
author: devlead
---

Version 0.36.0 of Cake has been released.

A new year, a new release, this marks the first Cake release for 2020, a release packed with several features, improvements and fixes, full details of contents of this release at end of blog post.

> As always a huge thanks to our awesome community! this project wouldn't be sustainable without your contributions and feedback❤

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always a huge thanks to our awesome community! This project wouldn't be sustainable without your contributions and feedback❤
```

A big focus in this release has been in improved .NET Core 3 runtime support and better handling of native dependencies like i.e. SQL Server client.

> We're also very happy welcome [Jérémie Desautels](https://github.com/Jericho) as a new Cake core team member! His contributions to the Cake ecosystem has been invaluable, especially his work with [Cake.AddinDiscoverer](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.AddinDiscoverer) which inventories new addins and makes sure existing ones follows best practices. This ensures a healthier, more robust and high quality experience for you as a Cake user. It also ensures better discoverbilty as new addins will now automatically generate a pull request to our website to be documented, addins unlisted from NuGet will automatically generate a pull request for removal from site and a full audit report published to [cake-contrib/Home](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Home/blob/master/Audit.md) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're also very happy to welcome [Jérémie Desautels](https://github.com/Jericho) as a new Cake core team member! His contributions to the Cake ecosystem have been invaluable, especially his work with [Cake.AddinDiscoverer](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.AddinDiscoverer) which inventories new addins and makes sure existing ones follow best practices. This ensures a healthier, more robust and high quality experience for you as a Cake user. It also ensures better discoverability as new addins will now automatically generate a pull request to our website to be documented, addins unlisted from NuGet will automatically generate a pull request for removal from the site and a full audit report is published to [cake-contrib/Home](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Home/blob/master/Audit.md) repo.
```
